NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's"
Goodwin: I'VE WAITED A LONG
TIME FOR THIS MOMENT:
THE FOUR SIGNERS
ALL TOGETHER!
OHH!
OH!
LOOK!
Yusei: WHAT IS IT?!
Goodwin: THIS, MY FRIENDS,
IS THE STAIRWAY
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
WHAT'S THAT SHAPE?
IT LOOKS LIKE
ALL OF OUR SIGNS!
IT IS THE SYMBOL
THAT BINDS YOU ALL
AND DEFINES YOU AS SIGNERS:
PROTECTORS OF OUR WORLD!
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
SENSED THE STRENGTH
IN YOUR HEARTS AND CHOSE
THE FOUR OF YOU TO TAKE ON
THE ARMY OF SHADOWS.
ALL OF NEW DOMINO
CITY HAS BECOME A BATTLEFIELD,
EVERY INNOCENT PERSON
A POTENTIAL VICTIM.
AND OUR CITY IS
JUST THE BEGINNING.
IF WE FAIL TO DEFEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS,
TO STOP THE ARMY
OF SHADOWS FROM AWAKENING,
THE SOULS OF THE PLANET
WILL FALL INTO DARKNESS.
YOU MUST EACH
MAKE YOUR CHOICE.
AFTER TODAY THERE IS
NO TURNING BACK.
GOODWIN, WE WANNA KNOW
EV'RYTHING ABOUT ALL
OF THESE DARK SIGNERS!
YOU DON'T.
THEY HAVE NEVER LOST,
UNLIKE THOSE PAWNS
YOU FACED
IN THE PARKING GARAGE
AND HOSPITAL.
THE TASK THAT'S
BEFORE US JUST MIGHT BE
IMPOSSIBLE TO EVER WIN.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
WE'VE LOST BEFORE
THE FIRST DRAW?!
I'M NOT SAYING
THERE'S NO HOPE AT ALL.
YOU MUST FACE ALL
OF THEM TOGETHER.
BUT, EVEN IF WE DO
BEAT THEM,
I CAN'T PROMISE
WE'LL ALL BE STANDING
HERE AGAIN.
I HOPE THE FOUR OF YOU
CAN LOOK INTO YOUR HEARTS
AND MAKE THE DECISION
THAT OUR WORLD NEEDS.
BUT BE QUICK,
I'M AFRAID WE DON'T HAVE
MUCH TIME LEFT.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Crow, thinking:
THIS CRATER MUST BE
WHERE ALL
THE DARK SIGNERS ASSEMBLE.
I BETTER GO GET
MY DUEL RUNNER.
AND, LIKE, PEOPLE
WERE TRAPPED
IN THIS FREAKY WALL
OF PURPLE MIST.
AND THEN THEY
ALL TURNED
INTO THIS GIGANTIC
MONSTER, RIGHT?
YEAH. I SAW THAT
HAPPEN, TOO!
BAH! IT HAD TO'VE BEEN
A TRICK, FELLAS,
LIKE ONE O' THOSE
OCTUPAL ILLUSIONS.
STOP WHINING LIKE
A BUNCHA' KURIBOH'S.
I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT IT.
Crow: YOU SHOULD BE
WORRIED ABOUT IT!
OH, YEAH!?
AND WHO'RE YOU?
WHO'M I? NOBODY.
JUST THE GUY WHO'S
TOTALLY GONNA SAVE
YOUR SORRY SATELLITE BUTTS.
DON'T GO NEAR THAT HOLE
IN THE DOWNTOWN DISTRICT!
IT'S TOO SCARY!
YOU GUYS MIGHT WANNA
FIND YOUR OWN HOLE
TO HIDE IN FOR A WHILE.
'CAUSE THINGS ARE
ABOUT TO GET REALLY CRAZY.
[THINKING]
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
MY OLD FRIEND IS ONE
OF THE DARK SIGNERS.
YUSEI, YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW LONG I BEEN WAITING
FOR THIS MOMENT
KALIN, PLEASE
YOU HAVE TO STOP
WHAT YOUR PLANNING TO
DO TO THE SATELLITE.
YOU WERE ONCE OUR FRIEND.
ONCE YOUR FRIEND YES
BUT NOW YOUR ENEMY!
OH, KALIN.
UM, YUSEI.
Akiza: I, UH, WOULDN'T
BOTHER HIM RIGHT NOW.
HUH? WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH HIM, AKIZA?
HAS HE BEEN OUT
THERE ALL MORNING?
YEAH, I THINK THAT HE'S
STILL TRYING TO COME
TO GRIPS WITH THE FACT
THAT HIS BEST FRIEND
ALMOST SENT HIM
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
IT MUST BE TEARING HIM UP
THAT ONE OF HIS OLD
CHILDHOOD BUDDIES
FROM THE SATELLITE JUMPED
THE FENCE N' BECAME ONE
OF THOSE DARK SIGNER'S.
THAT MUST BE
ROUGH FOR HIM.
IT'S ROUGH
ON ALL OF US.
SO, ARE YOU HAVING
SECOND THOUGHTS
ABOUT FIGHTING
THIS ARMY OF SHADOWS?
NO WAY, I'M IN THIS.
THE THING IS,
I'VE GOT SOMEONE
I'M TRYING TO HELP.
AND I THINK FIGHTING
THE DARK SIGNERS IS
THE WAY TO DO IT.
[THINKING]
SHE'S SO YOUNG TO
BE CAUGHT UP
IN ALL OF THIS.
HEY, YUSEI, WANNA HAVE
A PRACTICE DUEL?
NOT RIGHT NOW.
I NEED SOME TIME
ALONE, LUNA.
OH.
OH, ALRIGHT,
MAYBE LATER THEN.
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
HMM.
HOW ARE PREPARATIONS
ON YOUR END?
EVERYTHING IS
GOING SWIMMINGLY.
HEE HEE HEE!
[THINKING]
I DON'T THINK I HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES ANYMORE.
THE OTHERS NEED YOU
TO BE STRONG, YUSEI.
JACK.
I KNOW THAT HE'S
A DARK SIGNER NOW,
BUT KALIN USED TO BE
ONE OF OUR FRIENDS.
WE USED TO THROW
DOWN TOGETHER
AND PLAY KING
OF THE DECK
AND ALL THAT.
NOW I'M SUPPOSED
TO CALL HIM
THE BAD GUY
AND GO AT HIM?
I MAY'VE BEEN
THE ONE WHO MADE HIM
A DARK SIGNER.
I DON'T KNOW IF I
CAN DO THIS, JACK.
YOU DON'T HAVE
A CHOICE, YUSEI!
THAT ISN'T HOW IT WORKS!
UGH!
WHAT WAS THAT FOR?
[THINKING]
THIS GARDEN IS
SO BEAUTIFUL AND PEACEFUL.
I JUST WANT TO WALK
AROUND HERE FOREVER.
I WISH I COULD SHARE
THIS WITH MY FAMILY.
DO YOU REALLY
HAVE TO DO THIS?
I DON'T HAVE
A CHOICE.
THIS IS
MY DESTINY, MOM.
BESIDES, IF I DON'T
HELP YUSEI FIGHT
THE DARK SIGNERS,
WE'RE ALL
IN TROUBLE.
SHE'S RIGHT.
BUT IT SOUNDS SO
HORRIBLE AND SCARY
AND DANGEROUS, AKIZA,
AND, YOU KNOW, WE... WE'VE
FINALLY GOT A CHANCE
TO BE A FAMILY AGAIN.
THERE'LL BE
PLENTY OF TIME
TO BE A FAMILY
AFTER I BRING
DOWN THE BAD GUYS.
I HAVE TO DO
THIS, MOM.
I OWE IT TO
EVERYBODY I EVER
PUSHED AWAY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I'VE LET MY POWERS
GET THE BEST OF ME
MY WHOLE LIFE.
AND BECAUSE OF THAT
I HURT A LOT
OF PEOPLE.
THAT'S ALL OVER
NOW, SWEETIE.
YOU'RE NOT THAT
PERSON ANYMORE.
RIGHT, BUT NOW I
HAVE A CHANCE TO USE
MY POWERS FOR GOOD.
THE DARK SIGNERS
ARE THREATENING
TO DESTROY
THIS ENTIRE CITY.
IF I WANT TO
STOP THEM FROM
DOING THAT,
THEN I
GOTTA STEP UP.
LET SOMEONE
ELSE STEP UP!
AKIZA, WHAT IF
YOU'RE NOT READY YET?
WHAT IF YOU STILL
DON'T KNOW HOW TO FULLY
CONTROL YOUR POWERS?
YOU COULD END UP
DESTROYING YOURSELF.
WHAT?
I'LL BE OKAY.
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT ME.
YOU REALLY FEEL LIKE
YOU'RE UP FOR THIS?
WELL, I CERTAINLY
WISH THINGS COULD BE
DIFFERENT, BUT AT LEAST
YOU'RE NOT ALONE IN THIS.
YOU'LL HAVE YUSEI
AND THE OTHERS WITH YOU.
I DON'T LIKE THIS.
DARLING, OUR GIRL HAS
SPENT HER WHOLE LIFE
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHERE SHE BELONGS.
SHE FINALLY KNOWS.
AND WHO ARE WE TO
HOLD HER BACK?
[THINKING]
THANK YOU, DAD.
Leo: OH, MAN!
LOOK AT THIS SPREAD!
SAVING THE WORLD
HAS ITS PERKS!
I'LL TAKE THIS
AND THIS AND THIS AND THIS.
LEO! WE ATE
BREAKFAST
AN HOUR AGO!
YOU GOTTA TRY THESE
LITTLE SANDWICHES.
THEY'RE AMAZING!
AAARGH, COULD YOU
BE SERIOUS FOR ONE
SECOND, LEO?
UH, I'M SERIOUS ABOUT
NOT LETTING THIS FOOD
GO TO WASTE.
THAT'S SOMETHING.
WE DON'T HAVE TIME
TO MESS AROUND
AND SLACK OFF.
DIDN'T YOU HEAR
WHAT GOODWIN SAID?
IT WILL TAKE
EVERYTHING WE'VE GOT
TO STOP
THE DARK SIGNERS.
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.
IT SOUNDS LIKE IT'S GONNA
BE REALLY INTENSE.
OH, OKAY, SO WHILE
EVERYONE FREAKS OUT,
YOU'RE JUST GONNA
RELAX AND EAT
AND CHILL
'ROUND HERE?
PRETTY MUCH.
IT'S A TOUGH JOB,
I KNOW,
BUT SOMEONE'S
GOTTA DO IT.
I CANNOT
BELIEVE YOU.
I'M THINKING OF HITTING
THE ROOFTOP POOL LATER,
YOU SHOULD COME,
THERE'S A VOLLEYBALL NET!
A VOLLEYBALL NET?!
THIS TRIP TO
THE SATELLITE SECTOR
ISN'T GONNA BE EASY.
YOU SHOULD BE
PREPARING,
NOT PLAYING GAMES.
I'M NOT GOING WITH YOU.
HUH?
WHY SHOULD I GO?
I'M NOT A SIGNER.
YEAH, BUT... DON'T
YOU WANNA COME?
I THINK IT'S TIME
WE PART WAYS.
NOT SURE WHEN YUSEI'S
PLANNING ON BRINGING THE FIGHT.
DOESN'T MEAN I GOTTA
WAIT AROUND.
THERE'S NO REASON
I CAN'T GO ON AHEAD
N' START BUSTING SOME
DARK SIGNER SKULLS.
CROW'S HOUSE OF KICK-BUTT IS
OFFICIALLY OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
HUH? N' HERE COMES
OUR FIRST CUSTOMER.
THAT CREEPY LITTLE DUDE
HAS DARK SIGNER WRITTEN
ALL OVER HIM.
HEH.
HEY, DARK SIGNER!
HUH?
UNH!
GOTCHA!
HUH?
OKAY, THAT'S WEIRD.
I COULDA SWORN
I HAD HIM.
HA HA HA!
I'M AFRAID THAT ONLY
THE CAT CAN PLAY
CAT-AND-MOUSE,
LITTLE RAT.
HEY!
GET BACK HERE!
I KNOW YOU'RE
IN HERE.
COME OUT, COME OUT,
WHEREVER YOU ARE.
HA HA HA!
HUH?
HAVEN'T YOU HEARD
THAT IT'S DANGEROUS
AROUND HERE?
THERE YOU ARE!
NOW STOP
PLAYIN' GAMES!
YOU SHOULD TURN
AROUND RIGHT NOW,
AND SCAMPER ON HOME.
HA, HA! SOUNDS TO ME
LIKE YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S SCARED,
DARK SIGNER!
OH, MY.
IT SEEMS WE'VE SOME SORT
OF MISUNDERSTANDING.
YOU SEE, BECAUSE OF THAT
UNAPPEALING MARK
ON YOUR FACE, AND BECAUSE
YOU WERE SKULKING ABOUT,
I THOUGHT PERHAPS THAT
YOU WERE A DARK SIGNER.
ME?!
OH, I SEE.
IT SAYS HERE THAT
YOU'RE OLD FRIENDS
WITH YUSEI AND JACK ATLAS.
WHAT?
HA HA HA!
OKAY, I'LL BITE,
LET'S SAY YOU'RE
NOT A DARK SIGNER.
THEN WHO ARE YOU?
PARDON MY MANNERS.
I SHOULD'VE PROPERLY
INTRODUCED MYSELF.
MY NAME IS LAZAR,
AND I WORK
FOR THE PUBLIC SECURITY
BUREAU,
UNDER DIRECTOR GOODWIN.
I'M SORT OF
HIS RIGHT HAND.
WAIT, YOU WORK
FOR GOODWIN?
I JUST SAID THAT!
YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY
IN OVER YOUR HEAD HERE.
NOW, RUN ALONG.
I'M SORRY,
WAS I NOT CLEAR?
IF YOU REALLY WORK
FOR GOODWIN,
THEN WHY ARE YOU
LURKING AROUND HERE?
WHAT'S GOING
ON WITH YUSEI?
ARE HE AND HIS
CRIMSON BUDDIES
GETTING READY
TO COME HERE
N' TAKE OUT
THE DARK SIGNERS?
THOSE ARE
NEED-TO-KNOW QUESTIONS.
AND A WRETCHED LITTLE
SEWER RAT LIKE YOU
DOESN'T NEED TO
KNOW THE ANSWERS.
YA' KNOW WHAT I
THINK, BUDDY?!
I THINK YOU'RE
TRYIN' TO TRICK ME,
YOU'RE A DARK SIGNER
AND I'M GOING
TO PROVE IT!
OH, GOODNESS.
WHY DO I ALWAYS
HAVE TO DEAL
WITH THE DENSE ONES?
OKAY, LOOK... WHAT DO I
HAVE TO DO TO PROVE THAT
I'M NOT A DARK SIGNER?
HUMPH! I'M NOT
FALLING FOR ANYMORE
O' YOUR TRICKS.
HOW 'BOUT I JUST DUEL
THE TRUTH OUTTA YOU!
HEH HEH HEH.
BRING IT ON!
I'M GOIN' FIRST,
CREEP!
I DRAW!
I'M KICKIN' THIS
THING OFF BY SUMMONING
BLACKWING BORA
THE SPEAR
IN ATTACK MODE!
HMPH.
SO ACCORDING
TO YOUR FILE HERE,
YOUR WHOLE DECK IS BUILT
AROUND BLACKWINGS.
INTERESTING.
AND I PLAN ON
KEEPING IT THAT WAY.
SO I'M ALSO SUMMONING
GALE THE WHIRLWIND
IN ATTACK MODE!
I WAS ABLE TO DO THAT
'CAUSE BORA THE SPEAR
LETS ME SUMMON
A SECOND BLACKWING
TO THE FIELD.
YOU KNOW HOW IT IS,
BIRDS OF A FEATHER
FLOCKING TOGETHER
AND ALL THAT.
NOW, I PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
MY, MY.
YOU HAVE A MONSTER
AND A TUNER MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD,
BUT YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON?
YUP! I'M
UNPREDICTABLE
LIKE THAT.
I'M AFRAID THAT
YOU'RE GOING TO END UP
REGRETTING
YOUR DECISION.
[GROANING]
WHY'D YOU PUNCH ME?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE,
YOU DOLT,
I'M TRYING TO KNOCK
SOME SENSE INTO YOU!
UNH!
[GROANING]
LOOK AT YOU, YUSEI!
YOU LOOK LIKE SOME
SAD LITTLE PUPPY
THAT'S BEEN LEFT
AT THE PARK.
NO WONDER YOU LOST
TO KALIN WHEN YOU
DUELED HIM.
I'M GONNA SHARE
A SECRET WITH YOU,
OLD CHUM.
I CAN'T STAND YOU.
YOU WIPED THE FLOOR
WITH ME IN THE TOURNAMENT,
YOU STOLE MY TITLE.
YOU WERE ABLE TO DO SO
'CAUSE YOU HAD NO FEAR.
YOU WERE SURE OF YOURSELF.
WHAT HAPPENED TO
THAT GUY, YUSEI?
WHERE DID THAT
MAN RUN OFF TO ANYWAY?
I KNOW KALIN
WAS OUR FRIEND.
BUT THAT WAS THEN,
AND THIS IS NOW,
AND YES,
ITS THAT SIMPLE.
BUT I BETRAYED HIM.
YOU DIDN'T BETRAY HIM,
HE BETRAYED YOU,
HE BETRAYED ALL
OF US, REMEMBER?
NOW PULL YOURSELF
TOGETHER, MAN!
LEO.
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS
ABOUT PARTING WAYS
AND NOT COMING TO
SATELLITE WITH ME.
COME ON WHAT'S
THE BIG DEAL, LUNA?
YOU DON'T WANT ME THERE,
I'M THE COMIC RELIEF,
I'M THE GUY THAT SNEEZES
WHEN YOU'RE TRYING
TO SNEAK UP ON SOMEONE.
I'M NOT A BIG HERO
LIKE THE REST OF YOU.
I'M JUST A CLOWN.
I THOUGHT I MIGHT
HAVE IT IN ME,
BUT WHEN I DUELED SAYER,
I REALIZED I GOT NOTHIN'.
WHATEVER HEROES
ARE MADE OF,
I DON'T HAVE IT IN ME.
OH. LEO.
I NEVER TOLD YOU THIS,
BUT I USED TO THINK
YOU WERE HOLDING
ME BACK, LUNA.
YOU WERE ALWAYS SICK
AND I HAD TO LOOK AFTER YOU.
AND YOU WERE ALWAYS
WANTING TO STAY INSIDE.
AND SO I HAD TO
STAY IN, TOO.
I NEVER GOT TO
PRACTICE DUELING
WITH OTHER PEOPLE.
SO I COULDN'T GET
ANY BETTER,
AND I BLAMED YOU
FOR THAT.
I KNOW, LEO.
HUH?
I KNOW I HELD
YOU BACK.
AND I KNOW THAT
YOU RESENT ME.
I GUESS NOW'S AS GOOD
A TIME AS ANY,
SO HERE GOES.
LEO, I AM REALLY,
REALLY, REALLY...
NO, THAT'S JUST IT!
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO APOLOGIZE, LUNA,
BECAUSE, LIKE,
I GET IT NOW.
YOU'RE AWESOME, LUNA!
YOU HAVE SPECIAL POWERS!
YOU'RE A SIGNER
AND YOU'RE TOTALLY GONNA
SAVE THE WORLD!
DON'T YOU GET IT?
HUH?
IT'S NOT YOU WHO'S
THE BURDEN, IT'S ME.
IF I GO WITH YOU GUYS,
I'LL JUST END UP
BEING IN THE WAY.
OR STANDING
ON THE SIDE LIKE A DORK,
GOING... HOORAY! YEAH!
GO, LUNA!
SHOW THOSE DARK SIGNERS
HOW TO DUEL, YOU GO!
YEEEAH!
YOU'RE RIGHT THAT
IS PRETTY LAME,
BUT DON'T YOU
GET IT?
I'M REALLY SCARED, LEO,
MORE THAN
I'VE EVER BEEN.
I WANT YOU
THERE STANDING
ON THE SIDELINES
AND SHOUTING
LIKE A DORK.
HUH? YA' DO?
I DON'T CARE IF
YOU'RE NOT A SIGNER.
YOU'RE MY BROTHER,
AND THAT... THAT MAKES
YOU MY HERO.
I CAN'T DO THIS
WITHOUT YOU.
HEY, JACK.
WHAT IS IT?
YOUR WORDS HIT HARDER
THAN YOUR PUNCHES DO.
YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT KALIN,
AND YOU WERE
RIGHT ABOUT ME.
I LOST MY FOCUS
AND MY CONFIDENCE.
I KNOW THAT TO BEAT
THESE DARK SIGNERS
AND PROTECT MY FRIENDS
I CAN'T HANG ON
TO ANY DOUBTS.
EXACTLY.
FORGET KALIN.
THINK ABOUT RALLY
AND CROW AND EVERYONE ELSE.
[THINKING]
AND SO WILL I.
DON'T WORRY, CARLY.
WHEREVER YOU ARE,
I'M GOING TO FIND YOU.
Akiza: FEELING ANY BETTER?
YUP!
THAT'S GOOD, BECAUSE I
WAS STARTING TO WORRY.
WE CAN'T SAVE THE WORLD
FROM IMMINENT DOOM
WITHOUT YOU, YA' KNOW.
YEAH, I KNOW.
SAME GOES
FOR YOU, AKIZA.
WHEN DO WE LEAVE?
Luna: YUSEI!
HEY, LUNA.
YOU'RE COMING, RIGHT?
YOU BET.
WHAT ABOUT LEO?
HEY, YOU GUYS!
ARE YOU READY
FOR THIS?
I CAN'T WAIT TO WATCH
YOU TAKE THOSE
DARK SIGNERS DOWN,
IT'S GONNA BE SO
TOTALLY AWESOME,
YOU'RE THE BEST!
THANKS.
YOU'RE AWESOME, TOO,
JACK, EVEN THOUGH
YOU'RE NOT
THE BEST ANYMORE.
JUST CAUSE I LOST
DOESN'T MEAN I'M
NOT THE BEST.
DON'T WORRY,
I STILL LOOK UP
TO YOU AND EVERYTHING.
LOOK, YOU!
I'M ALWAYS GOING
TO BE THE BEST,
DO YOU
UNDERSTAND ME?
OKAY, BUT TECHNICALLY,
YUSEI'S THE BEST NOW.
TECHNICALLY NOTHING,
YOU WORM, I'M THE BEST!
YOU LOST
THE CHAMPIONSHIP,
THAT MAKES
YOU NUMBER TWO!
IT'S MY TURN.
I DRAW!
AND I PLACE THREE CARDS
FACEDOWN AND WITH THAT,
I END MY TURN.
REALLY? YOU MEAN,
THAT'S ALL YOU'RE
GONNA DO?
DID YOU NOT HAVE
ANY MONSTERS
IN YOUR HAND?
MAYBE, MAYBE NOT.
HEH HEH HEH.
NOW I BELIEVE IT'S
YOUR TURN, CROW.
YOU TRYING TO MAKE
THIS EASY FOR ME?
I DRAW!
I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT YOU'RE HOPING
I'LL START ATTACKING,
HENCE THOSE THREE
FACEDOWN CARDS.
HA HA HA!
HECK... I DON'T WANNA
DISAPPOINT YOU, SO...
BLACKWING BORA
THE SPEAR,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
IN THAT CASE, I ACTIVATE
MY IMPERIAL MANNERS TRAP.
I'M ABLE TO PUT THIS
TRAP'S PERKS TO USE
WHEN YOUR MONSTER
DECLARES AN ATTACK,
AND AS LONG AS I HAVE
NO MONSTERS ON MY FIELD,
THEN I CAN DESTROY
EVERY MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE.
YOU CAN WHAT?
YOU GOTTA BE
KIDDING ME!
WELL, THEN I ACTIVATE
THE URGENT TUNING TRAP!
[THINKING]
I WANTED TO SAVE THIS
BADBOY FOR LATER,
BUT ACTIVATING IT NOW IS
THE ONLY WAY I CAN STOP
HIM FROM DESTROYING
BOTH OF MY MONSTERS.
A-HA!
THAT'S WHY YOU DIDN'T
SYNCHRO SUMMON
DURING YOUR FIRST TURN,
YOU WERE TRYING
T' HOLD OUT.
HOWEVER I'M AFRAID
YOU'VE WASTED
YOUR SURPRISE.
HERE'S FACEDOWN
NUMBER TWO!
THE DISCORD TRAP.
THIS CARD'S PRESENCE
ON THE FIELD MEANS
THAT NEITHER ONE OF US
CAN SYNCHRO SUMMON,
NO EXCEPTIONS,
I'M AFRAID.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
YOU CANNOT STOP
IMPERIAL MANNERS,
SO SAY BYE-BYE
TO YOUR MONSTERS!
YUSEI SAID YOU
DARK SIGNERS
WERE SNEAKY,
AND BOY
WAS HE RIGHT!
I ALREADY TOLD YOU...
I'M NOT A DARK SIGNER,
MY NAME IS LAZAR,
AND I WORK FOR
MISTER GOODWIN.
RIGHT! IF YOU EXPECT
ME TO BELIEVE THAT
AND WALK AWAY,
YOU'VE GOT ANOTHER
THING COMIN'!
I'M PLACING
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
YOUR MOVE,
DARK SIGNER!
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY DID A BLATHERING
BUFFOON LIKE YOU
HONESTLY THINK HE COULD
COME HERE AND TAKE ON
THE POWER
OF THE DARK SIGNERS
ALL BY HIMSELF?
WHAT'D YOU SAY?
YOU'RE
THE BLATHERING
BUFFOON,
YOU BLATHERING
BUFFOON.
I CAN TAKE ALL YOU
DARK SIGNERS ON!
JUST STOP TALKING.
BELIEVE ME, EVERY TIME
YOU OPEN YOUR MOUTH,
YOU EMBARRASS YOURSELF.
THEN TELL YA' WHAT...
LET'S STOP TALKING
AND KEEP DUELING.
I MEAN IT, I'M DONE
TALKING TO YOU,
NO MORE TALKING,
I'M GONNA STOP TALKING
RIGHT NOW, NO MORE TALK.
HEH HEH HEH!
THERE'S SOMETHING
LIKABLY AMUSING ABOUT YOU.
LOOK, I'M SIMPLY
TRYING TO SAVE YOU
FROM HUMILIATION.
BUT IF YOU WISH,
I DRAW!
AND NOW, I SHALL SUMMON
JESTER LORD TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE.
HA HA HA!
Computer: JESTER LORD IS
A LEVEL ONE DARK ATTRIBUTE
SPELL CASTER
WITH ZERO ATTACK POINTS
AND ZERO DEFENSE POINTS.
EH!? THAT'S
A MONSTER?
A MONSTER THAT'S GOING
TO ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
HEE HEE HEE!
YOU KNOW THAT THING
HAS NO ATTACK POINTS,
RIGHT?
WHAT ON EARTH
WERE YOU THINKING?
JUST ONE THING.
WHEN JESTER LORD
IS THE ONLY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD,
IT GAINS 1000 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD THAT
IS ON THE FIELD.
IT DOES WHAT?!
CURRENTLY, THERE ARE
THREE SPELL AND TRAP CARDS
ON THE FIELD.
THEREFORE, JESTER LORD'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE 3000.
WOAH. THAT'S
A LOT A POINTS,
NOT TOO BAD.
BUT DON'T THINK
I'M GONNA SIT HERE
AND TAKE IT.
I'M ACTIVATING MY
DUST TORNADO TRAP CARD!
WITH THIS HUMDINGER,
I CAN DEMOLISH YOUR
DISCORD TRAP!
[THINKING]
BY GETTING RID
OF TWO TRAP CARDS,
I CAN LOWER JESTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
TO A THOUSAND.
I'LL STILL TAKE DAMAGE,
BUT WITH THAT DISCORD
TRAP GONE,
I'LL BE ABLE TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON
ON MY NEXT TURN.
BEFORE YOU GET AHEAD
OF YOURSELF,
PLEASE ALLOW ME TO ACTIVATE
THE IMPERIAL CUSTOM TRAP CARD,
WHICH SAVES ALL
CONTINUOUS TRAPS
ON MY FIELD
FROM BEING DESTROYED.
SO, IT LOOKS LIKE MY
JESTER WILL ONLY BE
LOSING ONE THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS?!
HUH!?
NOW JESTER LORD,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY.
HEEE!
HEH HEH HEH.
I ADMIT,
THAT WAS GOOD.
BUT I CAME HERE
TO HELP YUSEI TAKE
YOU DARK SIGNERS OUT,
SO DON'T THINK
FOR A SECOND
THAT I'M EVEN CLOSE
TO BACKING DOWN.
IF YOU'RE SO CONVINCED
THAT I'M A DARK SIGNER,
WHY DON'T YOU PUSH ME
TO MY LIMITS BY FORCING ME
INTO A CORNER WHERE
I'LL HAVE TO RELY
ON MY DARK
AND MYSTERIOUS POWERS?
HEH! FUNNY YOU
SHOULD SAY
THAT, PAL,
CAUSE THAT'S
EXACTLY WHAT
I'M ABOUT TO DO.
SO GET READY TO
COME FACE-TO-FACE
WITH YOUR
BREAKING POINT.